Refactor kubelet metricsets to share response from endpoint (#25782)
elastic/beats: CHANGELOG.next.asciidoc

- Refactor state_* metricsets to share response from endpoint. {pull}25640[25640]
- Add server id to zookeeper events. {pull}25550[25550]
- Add additional network metrics to docker/network {pull}25354[25354]

> - [Kubernetes] Refactor kubelet metricsets to share response from endpoint. {pull}25782[25782]

Reviewer: Nit. Make changelog entry more user focused.
```suggestion
- Reduce number of requests done by kubernetes metricsets to kubelet. {pull}25782[25782]
```
